feat(changelog): console-added-login-sso-google-and-microsoft 2024-06-04 (#3262)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2024/2024-06-04-console-added-login-sso-google-and-microsoft.mdx

---
title: Login SSO Google & Microsoft
status: added
author:

>     fullname: ''

Reviewer: I think this will break without a name

    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-06-04
category: console
product: console
---

> ⚡️ We are happy to announce that you can log in to the console thanks to Google and Microsoft SSO. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⚡️ We are happy to announce that you can now log in to the console using Google and Microsoft SSO. 
```
